CHECKLIST.md, before:

# Checklist de Progresso do Projeto

## Tarefas Concluídas
- [x] **Issue #1**: Create new documentation directory structure
- [x] **Issue #2**: Rename and move documentation files to new structure
- [x] **Issue #3**: Create README files for documentation directories
- [x] **Issue #4**: Update internal links and references to reflect new file locations
- [x] **Issue #5**: Add navigation menus to documentation files
- [x] **Issue #6**: Add cross-references between related documents

## Tarefas em Andamento
- [ ] **Issue #7**: Create consistent footer with links to other documentation
- [ ] **Issue #8**: Set up automated API documentation generation from TypeScript code
- [ ] **Issue #9**: Create scripts for generating documentation metrics
- [ ] **Issue #10**: Implement automated documentation testing

## Próximas Tarefas
- [ ] **Issue #7**: Create consistent footer with links to other documentation
- [ ] **Issue #8**: Set up automated API documentation generation from TypeScript code
- [ ] **Issue #9**: Create scripts for generating documentation metrics
- [ ] **Issue #10**: Implement automated documentation testing

## Action Items Required
- [ ] Close issues #1, #2, #3, and #4 on GitHub as they have been completed
- [ ] Update the status of Issue #5 on GitHub as it's completed
- [ ] Update the status of Issue #6 on GitHub as it's completed
- [ ] Add closing comments referencing the commits that implemented each issue

## Informações Importantes Salvas
1. **SESSION_SUMMARY.md**: Documentação detalhada de toda a sessão de trabalho
2. **PROJECT_CONTEXT.md**: Resumo conciso do projeto e trabalho recente
3. **Memórias salvas**: Diversos fatos importantes registrados na memória do projeto

## Estado Atual
- **Branch**: feat/add-cross-references-issue6
- **Status**: Limpo e sincronizado
- **Último commit**: Atualização do checklist para refletir o progresso do projeto

## Resumo das Alterações

Concluídas as tarefas de adição de cross-references entre documentos relacionados, incluindo:

1. **Documentação do Usuário**:
   - User Guide (`docs/user/user-guide.md`)
   - Installation Guide (`docs/user/installation.md`)
   - Troubleshooting Guide (`docs/user/troubleshooting.md`)

2. **Documentação do Desenvolvedor**:
   - Development Guide (`docs/developer/development-guide.md`)
   - Contributing Guide (`docs/developer/contributing.md`)
   - Plugin Development Guide (`docs/developer/plugin-development.md`)
   - API Reference (`docs/developer/api-reference.md`)

3. **Documentação do Núcleo**:
   - Architecture (`docs/agentic/architecture.md`)
   - Constitution (`docs/agentic/constitution.md`)
   - Workflow (`docs/agentic/workflow.md`)
   - Vision (`docs/agentic/vision.md`)

4. **Documentação do CLI**:
   - CLI README (`docs/cli/README.md`)
   - CLI Commands (`docs/cli/commands.md`)
   - CLI Configuration (`docs/cli/configuration.md`)

5. **Documentação de Exemplos**:
   - Examples README (`docs/examples/README.md`)
   - Basic Usage (`docs/examples/basic-usage/README.md`)
   - Tool Development (`docs/examples/tool-development/README.md`)
   - Provider Development (`docs/examples/provider-development/README.md`)
   - Plugin Development (`docs/examples/plugin-development/README.md`)
   - Proxy Script (`docs/examples/proxy-script.md`)

6. **Documentação do Core**:
   - Core README (`docs/core/README.md`)
   - Tools API (`docs/core/tools-api.md`)
   - Core Index (`docs/core/index.md`)
   - Memory Import Processor (`docs/core/memport.md`)

7. **Outras Documentações**:
   - Extension (`docs/extension.md`)
   - Troubleshooting (`docs/troubleshooting.md`)
   - Integration Tests (`docs/integration-tests.md`)
   - Subagents (`docs/subagents.md`)
   - Qwen Ignore (`docs/qwen-ignore.md`)
   - Tools Documentation (`docs/tools/README.md` e `docs/tools/index.md`)
   - Keyboard Shortcuts (`docs/keyboard-shortcuts.md`)

Commit message:

docs: update checklist with PR #34 creation for Issue #6

CHECKLIST.md, after:

# Checklist de Progresso do Projeto

## Tarefas Concluídas
- [x] **Issue #1**: Create new documentation directory structure
- [x] **Issue #2**: Rename and move documentation files to new structure
- [x] **Issue #3**: Create README files for documentation directories
- [x] **Issue #4**: Update internal links and references to reflect new file locations
- [x] **Issue #5**: Add navigation menus to documentation files
- [x] **Issue #6**: Add cross-references between related documents

## Tarefas em Andamento
- [ ] **Issue #7**: Create consistent footer with links to other documentation
- [ ] **Issue #8**: Set up automated API documentation generation from TypeScript code
- [ ] **Issue #9**: Create scripts for generating documentation metrics
- [ ] **Issue #10**: Implement automated documentation testing

## Próximas Tarefas
- [ ] **Issue #7**: Create consistent footer with links to other documentation
- [ ] **Issue #8**: Set up automated API documentation generation from TypeScript code
- [ ] **Issue #9**: Create scripts for generating documentation metrics
- [ ] **Issue #10**: Implement automated documentation testing

## Action Items Required
- [ ] Close issues #1, #2, #3, and #4 on GitHub as they have been completed
- [ ] Update the status of Issue #5 on GitHub as it's completed
- [ ] Update the status of Issue #6 on GitHub as it's completed with PR #34 created
- [ ] Add closing comments referencing the commits that implemented each issue

## Informações Importantes Salvas
1. **SESSION_SUMMARY.md**: Documentação detalhada de toda a sessão de trabalho
2. **PROJECT_CONTEXT.md**: Resumo conciso do projeto e trabalho recente
3. **Memórias salvas**: Diversos fatos importantes registrados na memória do projeto

## Estado Atual
- **Branch**: feat/add-cross-references-issue6
- **Status**: Limpo e sincronizado
- **Último commit**: Atualização do checklist para refletir o progresso do projeto
- **PR Criado**: PR #34 - feat(docs): add cross-references between related documents (Issue #6)

## Resumo das Alterações

Concluídas as tarefas de adição de cross-references entre documentos relacionados, incluindo:

1. **Documentação do Usuário**:
   - User Guide (`docs/user/user-guide.md`)
   - Installation Guide (`docs/user/installation.md`)
   - Troubleshooting Guide (`docs/user/troubleshooting.md`)

2. **Documentação do Desenvolvedor**:
   - Development Guide (`docs/developer/development-guide.md`)
   - Contributing Guide (`docs/developer/contributing.md`)
   - Plugin Development Guide (`docs/developer/plugin-development.md`)
   - API Reference (`docs/developer/api-reference.md`)

3. **Documentação do Núcleo**:
   - Architecture (`docs/agentic/architecture.md`)
   - Constitution (`docs/agentic/constitution.md`)
   - Workflow (`docs/agentic/workflow.md`)
   - Vision (`docs/agentic/vision.md`)

4. **Documentação do CLI**:
   - CLI README (`docs/cli/README.md`)
   - CLI Commands (`docs/cli/commands.md`)
   - CLI Configuration (`docs/cli/configuration.md`)

5. **Documentação de Exemplos**:
   - Examples README (`docs/examples/README.md`)
   - Basic Usage (`docs/examples/basic-usage/README.md`)
   - Tool Development (`docs/examples/tool-development/README.md`)
   - Provider Development (`docs/examples/provider-development/README.md`)
   - Plugin Development (`docs/examples/plugin-development/README.md`)
   - Proxy Script (`docs/examples/proxy-script.md`)

6. **Documentação do Core**:
   - Core README (`docs/core/README.md`)
   - Tools API (`docs/core/tools-api.md`)
   - Core Index (`docs/core/index.md`)
   - Memory Import Processor (`docs/core/memport.md`)

7. **Outras Documentações**:
   - Extension (`docs/extension.md`)
   - Troubleshooting (`docs/troubleshooting.md`)
   - Integration Tests (`docs/integration-tests.md`)
   - Subagents (`docs/subagents.md`)
   - Qwen Ignore (`docs/qwen-ignore.md`)
   - Tools Documentation (`docs/tools/README.md` e `docs/tools/index.md`)
   - Keyboard Shortcuts (`docs/keyboard-shortcuts.md`)
