docs/extension.md, before:

# Qwen Code Extensions

Qwen Code supports extensions that can be used to configure and extend its functionality.

## How it works

On startup, Qwen Code looks for extensions in two locations:

1.  `<workspace>/.qwen/extensions`
2.  `<home>/.qwen/extensions`

Qwen Code loads all extensions from both locations. If an extension with the same name exists in both locations, the extension in the workspace directory takes precedence.

Within each location, individual extensions exist as a directory that contains a `qwen-extension.json` file. For example:

`<workspace>/.qwen/extensions/my-extension/qwen-extension.json`

### `qwen-extension.json`

The `qwen-extension.json` file contains the configuration for the extension. The file has the following structure:

```json
{
  "name": "my-extension",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "mcpServers": {
    "my-server": {
      "command": "node my-server.js"
    }
  },
  "contextFileName": "QWEN.md",
  "excludeTools": ["run_shell_command"]
}
```

- `name`: The name of the extension. This is used to uniquely identify the extension and for conflict resolution when extension commands have the same name as user or project commands.
- `version`: The version of the extension.
- `mcpServers`: A map of MCP servers to configure. The key is the name of the server, and the value is the server configuration. These servers will be loaded on startup just like MCP servers configured in a [`settings.json` file](./cli/configuration.md). If both an extension and a `settings.json` file configure an MCP server with the same name, the server defined in the `settings.json` file takes precedence.
- `contextFileName`: The name of the file that contains the context for the extension. This will be used to load the context from the workspace. If this property is not used but a `QWEN.md` file is present in your extension directory, then that file will be loaded.
- `excludeTools`: An array of tool names to exclude from the model. You can also specify command-specific restrictions for tools that support it, like the `run_shell_command` tool. For example, `"excludeTools": ["run_shell_command(rm -rf)"]` will block the `rm -rf` command.

When Qwen Code starts, it loads all the extensions and merges their configurations. If there are any conflicts, the workspace configuration takes precedence.

## Extension Commands

Extensions can provide [custom commands](./cli/commands.md#custom-commands) by placing TOML files in a `commands/` subdirectory within the extension directory. These commands follow the same format as user and project custom commands and use standard naming conventions.

### Example

An extension named `gcp` with the following structure:

```
.qwen/extensions/gcp/
├── qwen-extension.json
└── commands/
    ├── deploy.toml
    └── gcs/
        └── sync.toml
```

Would provide these commands:

- `/deploy` - Shows as `[gcp] Custom command from deploy.toml` in help
- `/gcs:sync` - Shows as `[gcp] Custom command from sync.toml` in help

### Conflict Resolution

Extension commands have the lowest precedence. When a conflict occurs with user or project commands:

1. **No conflict**: Extension command uses its natural name (e.g., `/deploy`)
2. **With conflict**: Extension command is renamed with the extension prefix (e.g., `/gcp.deploy`)

For example, if both a user and the `gcp` extension define a `deploy` command:

- `/deploy` - Executes the user's deploy command
- `/gcp.deploy` - Executes the extension's deploy command (marked with `[gcp]` tag)

## Installing Extensions

You can install extensions using the `install` command. This command allows you to install extensions from a Git repository or a local path.

### Usage

`qwen extensions install <source> | [options]`

### Options

- `source <url> positional argument`: The URL of a Git repository to install the extension from. The repository must contain a `qwen-extension.json` file in its root.
- `--path <path>`: The path to a local directory to install as an extension. The directory must contain a `qwen-extension.json` file.

# Variables

Qwen Code extensions allow variable substitution in `qwen-extension.json`. This can be useful if e.g., you need the current directory to run an MCP server using `"cwd": "${extensionPath}${/}run.ts"`.

**Supported variables:**

| variable                   | description                                                                                                                                                   |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `${extensionPath}`         | The fully-qualified path of the extension in the user's filesystem e.g., '/Users/username/.qwen/extensions/example-extension'. This will not unwrap symlinks. |
    | `${pathSeparator}`         | The path separator (differs per OS). (Previously documented as `${/}`; use `${pathSeparator}` going forward.)                                                 |2
| `${/}`                     | Alias for `${pathSeparator}` (deprecated).                                                                                                                    |

## Related Documentation

- [CLI Configuration](./cli/configuration.md) - Guide to configuring the CLI for different use cases
- [CLI Commands](./cli/commands.md) - List and explanation of all available CLI commands
- [CLI Index](./cli/index.md) - Central index for CLI documentation
- [User Guide](./user/user-guide.md) - Comprehensive guide to using Agentic Code for various tasks
- [Installation Guide](./user/installation.md) - Step-by-step instructions for installing Agentic Code
- [Troubleshooting Guide](./user/troubleshooting.md) - Solutions to common issues and problems
- [Developer Guide](./developer/development-guide.md) - Comprehensive guide for contributing to Agentic Code
- [API Reference](./developer/api-reference.md) - Detailed API documentation

Commit message:

feat(docs): add consistent footer with links to other documentation (Issue #7)
This PR addresses Issue #7 by adding consistent footers with links to other documentation across all documentation files in the project.

## Summary of Changes

- Added consistent footers to all documentation files with links to related documentation

- Created a standardized footer template for reuse across the project

- Updated all documentation files to include cross-references to related documents

- Added navigation aids to help users find relevant information

## Related Issue

Closes #7

docs/extension.md, after:

# Qwen Code Extensions

Qwen Code supports extensions that can be used to configure and extend its functionality.

## How it works

On startup, Qwen Code looks for extensions in two locations:

1.  `<workspace>/.qwen/extensions`
2.  `<home>/.qwen/extensions`

Qwen Code loads all extensions from both locations. If an extension with the same name exists in both locations, the extension in the workspace directory takes precedence.

Within each location, individual extensions exist as a directory that contains a `qwen-extension.json` file. For example:

`<workspace>/.qwen/extensions/my-extension/qwen-extension.json`

### `qwen-extension.json`

The `qwen-extension.json` file contains the configuration for the extension. The file has the following structure:

```json
{
  "name": "my-extension",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "mcpServers": {
    "my-server": {
      "command": "node my-server.js"
    }
  },
  "contextFileName": "QWEN.md",
  "excludeTools": ["run_shell_command"]
}
```

- `name`: The name of the extension. This is used to uniquely identify the extension and for conflict resolution when extension commands have the same name as user or project commands.
- `version`: The version of the extension.
- `mcpServers`: A map of MCP servers to configure. The key is the name of the server, and the value is the server configuration. These servers will be loaded on startup just like MCP servers configured in a [`settings.json` file](./cli/configuration.md). If both an extension and a `settings.json` file configure an MCP server with the same name, the server defined in the `settings.json` file takes precedence.
- `contextFileName`: The name of the file that contains the context for the extension. This will be used to load the context from the workspace. If this property is not used but a `QWEN.md` file is present in your extension directory, then that file will be loaded.
- `excludeTools`: An array of tool names to exclude from the model. You can also specify command-specific restrictions for tools that support it, like the `run_shell_command` tool. For example, `"excludeTools": ["run_shell_command(rm -rf)"]` will block the `rm -rf` command.

When Qwen Code starts, it loads all the extensions and merges their configurations. If there are any conflicts, the workspace configuration takes precedence.

## Extension Commands

Extensions can provide [custom commands](./cli/commands.md#custom-commands) by placing TOML files in a `commands/` subdirectory within the extension directory. These commands follow the same format as user and project custom commands and use standard naming conventions.

### Example

An extension named `gcp` with the following structure:

```
.qwen/extensions/gcp/
├── qwen-extension.json
└── commands/
    ├── deploy.toml
    └── gcs/
        └── sync.toml
```

Would provide these commands:

- `/deploy` - Shows as `[gcp] Custom command from deploy.toml` in help
- `/gcs:sync` - Shows as `[gcp] Custom command from sync.toml` in help

### Conflict Resolution

Extension commands have the lowest precedence. When a conflict occurs with user or project commands:

1. **No conflict**: Extension command uses its natural name (e.g., `/deploy`)
2. **With conflict**: Extension command is renamed with the extension prefix (e.g., `/gcp.deploy`)

For example, if both a user and the `gcp` extension define a `deploy` command:

- `/deploy` - Executes the user's deploy command
- `/gcp.deploy` - Executes the extension's deploy command (marked with `[gcp]` tag)

## Installing Extensions

You can install extensions using the `install` command. This command allows you to install extensions from a Git repository or a local path.

### Usage

`qwen extensions install <source> | [options]`

### Options

- `source <url> positional argument`: The URL of a Git repository to install the extension from. The repository must contain a `qwen-extension.json` file in its root.
- `--path <path>`: The path to a local directory to install as an extension. The directory must contain a `qwen-extension.json` file.

# Variables

Qwen Code extensions allow variable substitution in `qwen-extension.json`. This can be useful if e.g., you need the current directory to run an MCP server using `"cwd": "${extensionPath}${/}run.ts"`.

**Supported variables:**

| variable                   | description                                                                                                                                                   |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `${extensionPath}`         | The fully-qualified path of the extension in the user's filesystem e.g., '/Users/username/.qwen/extensions/example-extension'. This will not unwrap symlinks. |
    | `${pathSeparator}`         | The path separator (differs per OS). (Previously documented as `${/}`; use `${pathSeparator}` going forward.)                                                 |2
| `${/}`                     | Alias for `${pathSeparator}` (deprecated).                                                                                                                    |



## Need Help?

If you encounter issues, check the [Troubleshooting Guide](./user/troubleshooting.md) or [create an issue](https://github.com/lfgranja/agentic-code/issues) on GitHub.

If you encounter issues, check the [Troubleshooting Guide](./user/troubleshooting.md) or [create an issue](https://github.com/lfgranja/agentic-code/issues) on GitHub.

## License

[LICENSE](../LICENSE) - Apache License 2.0

## Related Documentation

- [User Guide](./user/user-guide.md) - Comprehensive guide to using Agentic Code for various tasks
- [Installation Guide](./user/installation.md) - Step-by-step instructions for installing Agentic Code
- [Troubleshooting Guide](./user/troubleshooting.md) - Solutions to common issues and problems
- [Developer Guide](./developer/development-guide.md) - Comprehensive guide for contributing to Agentic Code
- [API Reference](./developer/api-reference.md) - Detailed API documentation
- [Plugin Development Guide](./developer/plugin-development.md) - Guide for creating and maintaining plugins
- [Contributing Guide](./developer/contributing.md) - Guidelines for contributing to the project
- [Core Concepts](./agentic/README.md) - Fundamental principles and architecture
- [Constitution](./agentic/constitution.md) - Core principles and values that guide Agentic Code behavior
- [Workflow](./agentic/workflow.md) - How Agentic Code processes tasks and executes work
- [Architecture](./agentic/architecture.md) - Detailed architecture documentation
- [Vision](./agentic/vision.md) - Long-term vision and goals for Agentic Code

## Need Help?

If you encounter issues, check the [Troubleshooting Guide](./user/troubleshooting.md) or [create an issue](https://github.com/lfgranja/agentic-code/issues) on GitHub.

## License

[LICENSE](../LICENSE) - Apache License 2.0
